{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue109;\red48\green140\blue240;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c50196;\cssrgb\c22745\c62745\c95294;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bibles in Kuki-Chin Languages\cb1 \
\cb2 Nathan W. Hill\cb1 \
\cb2 30 December 2020\cb1 \
\
\cb2 1. Bawm Chin\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1945/GEN.1.BCLBV"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1945/GEN.1.BCLBV}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I have \'93Bawm bgr-x-bible.zip\'94\cb1 \
\
\cb2 2. Siyin Chin\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/326/GEN.1.SCB2"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/326/GEN.1.SCB2}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I have \'93Sizang csy-x-bible.zip\'94\cb1 \
\
\cb2 3. Tedim Chin\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/versions/368-tdb-tedim-bible"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/versions/368-tdb-tedim-bible}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I have \'93Tedim ctd-x-bible.zip\'94\cb1 \
\
\cb2 4. Hakha Chin\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/327/GEN.1.HCL"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/327/GEN.1.HCL}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1862/MAT.1.HAKABSI"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1862/MAT.1.HAKABSI}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I have \'93Hakha cnh-x-bible.zip\'94\cb1 \
\
\cb2 5. Ngawn\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/2487/GEN.1.NBF1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/2487/GEN.1.NBF1}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I have \'93Ngawn cnw-x-bible.zip\'94\cb1 \
\
\cb2 6. Zotung\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1959/GEN.1.ZB16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1959/GEN.1.ZB16}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I have \'93Zotung czt-x-bible.zip\'94\cb1 \
\
\cb2 7. Falam Chin\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/389/GEN.1.FCL"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/389/GEN.1.FCL}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1869/MAT.1.MOLSBSI"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1869/MAT.1.MOLSBSI}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I have \'93Falam cfm-x-bible.zip\'94 but am not sure which of these two that is.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 8. Mizo\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/253/GEN.1.MIZ"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/253/GEN.1.MIZ}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1048/GEN.1.MIZO"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1048/GEN.1.MIZO}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I have \'93Mizo lus-x-bible-1959.zip\'94 but am not sure which of these two that is.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb2 9. Khumi\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1958/GEN.1.KCL02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1958/GEN.1.KCL02}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I do NOT have.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 10. Lautu Chin\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/2640/MAT.1.LNT1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/2640/MAT.1.LNT1}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I do NOT have.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 11. Matu Chin\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/2489/MAT.1.MCNT2006"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/2489/MAT.1.MCNT2006}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I do NOT have.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 12. Lemi (Eastern Khumi Chin)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1853/MAT.1.CEKNT"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1853/MAT.1.CEKNT}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I do NOT have.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 13. Mro (Khimi)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/2473/MAT.1.MRO1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/2473/MAT.1.MRO1}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I do NOT have.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 14. Cho\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/2642/GEN.1.CBC"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/2642/GEN.1.CBC}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I do NOT have.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 14. Paite Chin\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1870/GEN.1.PAITBSI"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1870/GEN.1.PAITBSI}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I do NOT have.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 15. Thadou\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1879/GEN.1.THADBSI"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/1879/GEN.1.THADBSI}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I do NOT have.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 17. Zyphe Chin\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/930/MAT.1.ZYPNT"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb2 \ul \ulc3 https://www.bible.com/en-GB/bible/930/MAT.1.ZYPNT}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Note: I do NOT have.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 18.\cb1 \
\cb2 Note: I have \'93Zo zom-x-bible.zip\'94.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb2 19.\cb1 \
\cb2 Note: I have \'93Nga_la hlt-x-bible.zip|.\'a0\cb1 \
}